so here we are at st. Jude's Hospital
Memphis Tennessee had a chance to visit
with some patients today some kids and
also got to take a tour of the whole
facility which was very impressive
it means the world to our kids and also
to me personally look Sam's a legend
Sam's a hero Sam's one of those guys
that that our patients gets to see take
the field on Sunday and then for them to
see Sam taking time out of his busy
schedule to come over here and spend
time with them when they're going
through all the stuff that they're going
through it means the world to them it's
a wonderful distraction but they get to
see their hero their Idol live and in
person it's amazing it would be very
inspirational for our kids and hopefully
Samm will be moved by two and I think he
will he's an amazing person himself you
know I've been a lot to me just you know
children's hospitals and busy and
Children's Hospital has been something
that you know has always been important
to me you know coming down here you know
and get to see both people from the st.
Louis or Missouri area and then also
from Oklahoma City Oklahoma you know
just around there you know I mean a lot
when they said that they were glad you
know that we made the effort to come out
here today and then you know just to see
this facility and what they're doing
here and how hard they're working you
know to find cures for diseases you know
that kids are battling right now yeah
it's just it's awesome to see we're fans
of Sam and fans of the Rams and all that
and meeting him down here means a lot
because he really has an opportunity to
to spread a lot of awareness about
childhood cancer in about st. Jude and
all that and so meeting him that isn't
just a thrill to meet somebody that's no
kind of a star and but somebody's
possibly gonna be able to do some really
good help for us and for other kids and
then all the kids in the future they're
going to have cancer and dealing with
those kind of issues so it was exciting
it was nice oh yeah it was great i mean
he's excited about it you know and it's
kind of cool he's got the rams jersey
he's got his name on the back and so to
meet Sam Bradford it's like a really big
opportunity for him he's really excited
about it yeah that was awesome you know
to see someone in a rams jersey you know
i think
war from st. Louis you know and they
were extremely excited for us to be here
today you know hopefully we put a smile
on his face you know hopefully he's able
to go home now and next year hope he's
able to come out to a game which would
be awesome Sam was really awesome to
meet and i'm so glad that i got it made
him he signed tons of stuff for me and
I'm very thankful and I'm so glad that
he came to thank you